Visualizations are constructed by calling functions prefixed by "plot" followed by the class name of the object (minus "Data") to be plotted. Most of the objects used by plot functions are created by generation functions, which are used when creating the plot data requires more than simple extraction of elements from another object. In cases where generation is not necessary a "get" function is used, which simply extracts the plot-relevant aspects of another object.

An example is `plotThreshVsPerf`. Data for this plot is generated by `generateThreshVsPerfData` which returns an object of class `ThreshVsPerf`. All of these objects are S3 lists.

Performance measures all have long names as well as short names (the "name" and "id" elements respectively). Plot functions which plot measures have a logical argument `pretty.names` which is `TRUE` by default which uses the long name in place of the short name.

If multiple performance measures have the same name/id, their aggregation method is appended to their name: e.g., "Accuracy: Test mean."

In general it is preferable to use long names where space constraints do not make things unreadable, however, this should be controlled by a logical argument to the function.

Smart defaults are to be preferred over user control via long lists of arguments. The generation and get functions allow users to construct custom plots if needed; the goal of the plot functions is not to provide customizable publication-quality plots out of the box. Instead the plots should be informative enough to be used interactively. In particular there shouldn't be arguments to plot functions that control things that don't contribute to interactive usability and are easily controlled by the user.